V & V Model :
             Its is one of the most powerfull model of software development life cycle(SDLC).
             It is executed in v shape manner & V & V stand for Verification and validation model.
             In V & V model development team and testing team works simultaneously.

1. When business analyst gather the requirement from the customer and that requirement are converted into
   i.e BRS(business requirement specification) for checking its fullfill or not and simultaneously that requirement
   review by the testing team and they will write acceptance test document on that requirement.
   
2. Then that BRS is converted into SRS (System Requirment Specification) this contains systeam design and which hardware
   needed to develop the software and simultaneously testing team review the SRS and write the System test document.
   
3. After BRS and SRS the next part is designing the HLD (High Level Design) i.e whole architecture of the software design
   to understand the actual flow of the software and simultaneously testing team review the HLD and write the integration 
   document.

4. When HLD is done then LLD (Low Level Design) i.e component base design of the software to understand the component level
   flow of software and simultaneously testing team review the LLD and and write the functional test document.

4. After LLD design the actual coding phase start to develop the software, Development team write code and 
   when development team done by the coding.
   
5. Testing phase started to test the code in several ways;
   a) Unit testing : in unit testing testing team test the internal part i.e actual code will be test by unit by unit which is 
                     wrote by the developer.
   b) Component Testing : in component testing tester will finding the errors of the component, tester not check the coding 
                     in the component testing , tester is only check requirement is fullfill or not.
   c) System Integration Testing : In this type of testing involves the overall testing of the systeam of many subsytem components
                     and also check hardware as well as software.
   d) System Testing :In the systeam testing tester will check overall requirement of customer and software fullfill or not 
                     if any bug is found then that again handover to development to fix that bug after bug is fixed by the development 
                     team then that software is again retest by testing team. When our software is bug free the it is ready to 
                     deploy the customer.

    Advantages : 1. Tester has more knowladge of requirements than developer.
                 2. Requirment review is process is possible.
                 3. Both development and testing team work simultaneously.
                 4. Easy to implement.
                 5. Easy to defect tracking i.e defect is found early stage.
    
	Disadvantages : 1. If requirement changes in midway then test document is need to update.
                 	2. Time consuming.
                        3. Its very costlier.	